Mr. Jiang's assistant asked
Tombstone after his death
To be next to the wet one
Jiayu, why are you so stupid?
Mom?
What's your name?
I already knew you were my mother
But I'm afraid of being a burden to my mother
So I didn't tell you.
How come?
Tell Guoguo to live well
Mom will never feel a burden
The plane to country h is about to take off
Please board this flight as soon as possible
Miss
Are you really going to give up accepting the interim group?
Donate all your shares to the orphanage?
I'm tired of everything here
I want to start over with Guoguo
Miss I will miss you
Remember to take care of yourself
Mom, hurry up and get on the plane. Okay